Dark mode friendly, broken down dashboards docs (#88)
opendatahub-io/architecture-decision-records: documentation/components/dashboard/README.md

### Overview

#### 1. User Authentication Flow

This section illustrates how an end user interacts with the Dashboard UI and the OAuth Proxy for authentication.

```mermaid
sequenceDiagram
    participant EndUser as End User
    participant DashboardUI as Dashboard UI (Browser)
    participant OAuthProxy as OAuth Proxy (Container)

    EndUser->>DashboardUI: Request Dashboard HTML

>     DashboardUI->>OAuthProxy: (Not logged in) Redirect to OAuth Proxy

Author: 🤔 this is a great thought experiment! Thank you!

Would it help to clarify if we broke this specific diagram down two separate flows: 
1. when the `OAuth Proxy` call fails
2.  The user path for after a user has (successfully)  logged in?

> sequenceDiagram
>     participant EndUser as End User
>     participant DashboardUI as Dashboard UI (Browser)
>     participant OAuthProxy as OAuth Proxy (Container)
> 
>     EndUser->>DashboardUI: Request Dashboard HTML
>     DashboardUI->>OAuthProxy: (Not logged in) Redirect to OAuth Proxy
>     EndUser->>OAuthProxy: Login via OAuth Proxy's Page
>     OAuthProxy->>DashboardUI: (Logged in) Redirect to Dashboard

Reviewer: Never used Mermaid before -- tried to futz with it and got something like this:

<img width="907" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/74f06bb6-6737-438f-92d8-65ed1ccb96ce" />

```suggestion
sequenceDiagram
    actor EndUser as End User
    participant Browser as Browser Window
    box Dashboard Pod
    participant OAuthProxy
    participant Dashboard
    end

    EndUser->>Browser: https://dashboard-route/*
    Browser--xOAuthProxy: (Not logged in)
    OAuthProxy-->>Browser: Return log in screen
    Browser-->>OAuthProxy: (log in)
    Browser<<->>Dashboard: (Logged in) Redirect to Dashboard
```

Feel free to modify this effort... I got the new content I used from this: https://mermaid.js.org/syntax/sequenceDiagram.html#messages
